Pre-releases and deployment notes (#512)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/deployment-process/releases/deployment-notes.md

![Deployment notes](images/deployment-notes.png)

## Versioning and Pre-releases  {#Versioning}

> When it comes to release changes and deployment notes, [pre-release versions](/docs/packaging-applications/create-packages/versioning.md#semver) are handled differently to other versions. Deployments of a pre-release will only ever include changes for that single version, they do not accumulate across versions like other scenarios.

Reviewer: I'd change the structure a little bit here, to put the subject first:
```suggestion
[Pre-release versions](/docs/packaging-applications/create-packages/versioning.md#semver) are handled differently to other versions for release changes and deployment notes. Deployments of a pre-release will only ever include changes for that single version, they do not accumulate across versions like other scenarios.
```

> The reason for this is that in some scenarios different pre-release versions could be getting deployed to an environment where they co-exist. Consider deployments for an application installer or a NuGet package. You could have multiple branched versions of those co-existing in an environment at any given point, as an example, so the accumulation of work across releases has to be considered differently.

Reviewer: Slight tweak (reject if this doesn't help):
```suggestion
This is because in some scenarios different pre-release versions could be getting deployed to an environment where they co-exist. As an example, consider deployments for an application installer or a NuGet package, you could have multiple branched versions of those co-existing in an environment at any given point, so the accumulation of work across releases has to be treated differently.
```

> Octopus therefore takes the position that pre-releases are a "work in progress" and will fail under the banner of "full" release when that are completed/merged. At that point the changes are then considered for accumulation across the "full" versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octopus takes the position that pre-releases are a *work in progress* and will fail under the banner of *full* release when that are completed/merged. At that point, the changes are then considered for accumulation across the *full* versions.
```

Author: Updated, and fixed a couple of spelling mistakes we'd both missed before
